SAMSUNG SCHEME FOR
Scheme Name : Scheme 4-RCM MBO PC-SCP -RRF-North & East Excl Bihar & Kashmir
Scheme Period 1 Aug 2023 to 31 Aug 2023
AUGUST 2023
Log on to wwwww.samsungsmartpartner.com for scheme details and price drop information Please contact your sales team for any
queries
2023-Aug-Dealer Scheme-GMCS Sellout
Payout Non Target linked on GMCS sellout value
S. No.
Payout Product Group
Payout
1
All Smart Phones & Tablets (Excluding M/F Series & 521FE-5G(E))
1.50%
Scheme Payout Criteria & Other details:
1. Purchase from your valid Samsung channel partner only is eligible for the payout
2. This scheme is APPLICABLE for PC PC Ext. SCP.SCP Ext. RRF & RRF Ext dealers of North and East Regions excluding Bihar & Kashmir(1 A Multi Ventures territory)
3. Qualification for the scheme will be subject to Dealer adhering to the Credit Policy
4. Sel out value achievement to be calculated on basis of verified GMCS sell-out
5.
Scheme would be paid on DEALER PRICE (DP) NET of Support Le DF Less Focus Model Support/Sellout Support/ Special Support (Sellout Support}/ Sellout Enablement
/ In Bill Support scheme LESS GST as on 15th of the respective month
6. In case of change of Retailer Type (E.g. DCM/Star to RCM or any other) already claimed in earlier month will not be eligible for any payout.
7. Any new Model launched during the month to be considered for Target Achievement & Payout as applicable unless communicated otherwise
8. For all target linked payouts while every endeavor would be made to make enough material available of the products, non availability of material will not be
considered as a reason for any non achievement & no claims thereof shall be entertained
9. Any misutilization of scheme can lead to the cancellation of the scheme Participation in the scheme is purely voluntary.
10. Scheme Reduction/Deduction in case of misuse of DOA/DOP policy in case any retailer is found to have issued any invoices with an incorrect date to any customer in
order to misuse the DOA/DOP policy benefit, the company shall be entitled to reduce the scheme payout by up to 1%/deduct the scheme payout for the month by up to
1% & the company shall also be entitled to deduct/debit any consequential loss arising out to the company without any notice in this regard. This is however in addition
& without prejudice to the legal action, which may be advised under the facts and circumstances
11. All schemes benefits, being made available are applicable only for Products sold for use within India (Condition') This Condition has to be adhered strictly. In case of any
wrongful or erroneous availment of scheme benefits not adhering to the Condition Company reserves the right to recover/deny scheme benefits on such identified
Products Decision of the Company in this regard shall be final and binding
12. No schemes payout is applicable on Demo units.
13. Price protection/Model scheme amount will be recovered in case of DOA The amount paid on IMEI which is DOA will be recovered
14. TDS as applicable
15. The scheme payout being post sale discount will be settled through Commercial Credit Notes as conditions of Section 15(3)(b) of the CGST Act, 2017 are not satisfied
We thank you for your continuous support. II you have any suggestions or concerns, do post your query in <Happy Partner> section o
SPP and we will be happy to assist you