SAMSUNG
SCHEME FOR
Scheme Name
:
Sch 6.4.11 S21 FE Bonanza- All Dealers All India
Scheme Period 1 Aug 2023 to 31 Aug 2023
AUGUST 2023
Log on to wwwww.samsungsmartpartner.com for scheme details and price drop information Please contact your sales team for any
queries
2023-Aug-Dealer Scheme-GMCS Sellout
S. No.
Payout Product Group
Slab
Payout
>=1 and <5
1%
1
521FE 5G (G990EG & G990EI)
>=5 and above
2%
Scheme Payout Criteria & Other details:
1. Purchase from your valid Samsung channel partner only is eligible for the payout
2. This scheme is APPLICABLE to All GT Dealers of all India
3. Qualification for the scheme will be subject to Dealer adhering to the Credit Policy
4, Samsung reserves all rights to modify alter or amend the terms of this communication
5. In case an unsold IME is uploaded on GMCS during the scheme period, the dealer will be disqualified for scheme payout
6. IMEI Activated EMI done and IMEI uploaded on GMCS, before Scheme Period will not be considered for Payout Purpose
7. Sell out value achievement to be calculated on basis of verified GMCS sell-out IMEI Data will be taken from IMEI dump.
8. Scheme would be paid on Dealer Price (DP) Net of Support i.e. Less Focus Model/Sellout Support/Special Support/Enablement/in-B Support Less GST as on 15th of
respective month
9. Value target will be calculated DP including GST as per respective days DP & Value achievement to be calculated on DP including GST as of 15th of the month.
10. Any new SP launched during the month to be considered for respective target achu & Payout as applicable unless communicated Otherwise
11. For all target linked payouts, while every endeavor would be made to make enough material available of the products, non availability of material will not be
considered as a reason for any non achievement & no claims thereof shall be entertained
12. Any misutilization of scheme can lead to the cancellation of the scheme Participation in the scheme is purely voluntary.
13. Scheme Reduction/Deduction in case of misuse of DOA/DOP policy. in case any retailer is found to have issued any invoices with an incorrect date to any customer in
order to misuse the DOA/DOP policy benefit, the company shall be entitled to reduce the scheme payout by up to 1%/deduct the scheme payout for the month by up to
1% & the company shall also be entitled to deduct/debit any consequential loss arising out to the company without any notice in this regard. This is however in addition
& without prejudice to the legal action, which May be advised under the facts and circumstances
14. All schemes benefits, being made available are applicable only for Products sold for use within India ('Condition') This Condition has to be adhered strictly. In case of any
wrongful or erroneous availment of scheme benefits not adhering to the Condition Company reserves the right to recover/ deny scheme benefits on such identified
Products Decision of the Company in this regard shall be final and binding
15. No schemes payout is applicable on Demo units
16. TDS as applicable
17. Price protection/Model scheme amount will be recovered in case of DOA The amount paid on IMEI which is DOA will be recovered
18. The scheme payout being post sale discount will be settled through Commercial Credit Notes as conditions of Section 15(3)(b) of the CGST Act, 2017 are not satisfied
We thank you for your continuous support. If you have any suggestions or concerns, do post your query in <Happy Partner> section or
SPP and we will be happy to assist you